
farm:fd2tasks		readpacket
farm:fd2tasks		send on taskc
farm:tasks2sched	receive packet
farm:tasks2sched	write to data
sched:styxservers	read from styx connection
sched:styxservers	send to scheduler
sched:scheduler 	send to requestproc
sched:scheduler		send to datawriteproc
sched:tgsimple		send to tasksproc
sched:splitgen		send to newtask

slave:runtask		open task
sched:styxserver	read from styx connection
sched:styxservers	send to schedule
sched:scheduler	send to requestproc
sched:scheduler	send to taskmonproc
sched:scheduler	add to waiting list
sched:scheduler	send Start to taskgenproc
sched:tgsimple		check spec
sched:tgsimple		open param, result
sched:tgsimple		spawn taskproc
sched:tkself		send Ok to taskgenproc
sched:scheduler	remove from waiting list
sched:scheduler	send reply to resquestproc
sched:scheduler	send reply down styx connection
slave:runtask		read from task
sched:styxserver	read from styx connection
sched:styxservers	send to schedule
sched:scheduler	send to requestproc
sched:scheduler	send to taskproc
sched:scheduler
slave:runtask
	-> sched:walk, open

slave:runtask		read